I'm having the best time in my entire
life seriously like these guys are so
sick let's do all the drugs
the party was sick I mean I'm really sad
that Michael died whoa and the bed is
like a weakling sleepover week like the
coolest guys in Hollywood I don't think
anyone's gonna like hook up in the house
I know what happened Craig doesn't own
any pants on he got wild probably dance
sweated all over the place I'd probably
sleep with James he's got a big old
brain and he's got feminine features
which I like or Dan because he's
probably knows things about sex that I
don't even can't even imagine that that
would be less I have a particularly
explosive ejaculate just goes everywhere
it's like a wild fireman's home
she's gonna grab on to get your eyes
your mouth this is the end I don't want
this to end
rated R in theaters June 12